Welcome to the very first lecture in our online
course, Introduction to Robotics.
My name is Peter Corke and I’ll be your
lecturer for the next six weeks.
So, this is a really quick run through if
you like the, the fictional underpinnings
of robotics. What we’re going do in this
first course is look at the great variety
of robots that exist today. We’re going
start off with manufacturing robots. These
are the arm type robots that you see working
in factories building cars, building computers
and so on, very, very important class of robots.
And, that’s the type of robot we are going
to study most carefully in this Introduction
to Robotics course. But, in this particular
lecture, I want to paint the big picture of
the different types of robots that are in
the world today. So, we are going to look
at robots that drive, robots that fly, robots
that swim underneath the water or robots that
paddle around on the surface of the water,
effectively robotic boats.
So, in this first lecture, we are going to
orient ourselves in learning about the big
spread of robotics. And then, for the remainder
of the course, we are going to knuckle down
and look at arm type robots in particular.